---
title 		: Essential Studio for ReactJS 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for ReactJS 2016 Volume 4  Release Notes
platform 	: reactjs
---

# Essential Studio for ReactJS Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_4 version=site.version.2016_vol_4 %} 



## ejSignature `preview`

We have launched new control for capturing the digital signature with mouse and touch compatibility. The ejSignature is used to capture or drawing the smooth signatures.


### Features
{:#ejsignature-features}

* ejSignature captures signature as vector outlines of the strokes
* Using ejSignature we can customize the background, stroke width and stroke color. 
* Provided Undo, Redo & Clear options.
* Converts the captured signature into image format.
## ejKanban

### Features
{:#ejkanban-features}

* Support provided to change the unassigned swim lane key values with user defined keys.

## ejListBox

### Features
{:#ejlistbox-features}

* We have provided template support for ListBox with virtual scrolling using the newly added API `itemHeight` to customize the items.
## ejListView

### Features
{:#ejlistview-features}

* We have provided localization support for ListView header text.
## ejReportViewer

### Features

* \#165414 – Now, the performance of page navigation process has been improved in ReportViewer.


### Bug Fixes	
{:#ejreportviewer-bug-fixes}

* \#163282 - Now, the page settings API options are working fine.
* \#163282 - Now, the page setup orientation works fine.
* \#161847 - The tooltip position is misplaced in IE8 browser issue has been fixed.
* \#161847 - The report position is misplaced, while navigating page in IE8 browser issue has been fixed.
* \#165884 – Now, the `FormatNumber` expression working fine with Custom Code.
* \#165213 – Now, the report parameter can be used inside the looping statement in custom code of ReportViewer.
* \#146053 – Now, the rectangle width has been updated properly when tablix placed inside the rectangle.
* \#166428 – Now, the tablix cell `Hidden` property works fine, when the cell model `Hidden` property has been set as True.
* \#166339 – Now, the chart legends are displayed properly when there is no legend title for chart report item.
* \#165213 – Resolved the exception, when we use aggregate function `Count` in query text.

### Breaking Changes

Data extension configuration syntax has been changed for maintaining the standards as like [`SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/reporting-services/extensions/data-processing/deploying-a-data-processing-extension-to-a-report-server?redirectedfrom=MSDN).

Before:

{% highlight xml %}

<SyncfusionDataExtension>
    <DataExtension>
      <Extensions>
        <add name="SSAS" assemblyName="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS" type="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS.SSASDataExtension"></add>
      </Extensions>
    </DataExtension>
</SyncfusionDataExtension>

{% endhighlight %}

Now:

{% highlight xml %}

<ReportingExtensions>
   <DataExtension>
        <Extension Name="SSAS" Assembly="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS" Type="Syncfusion.Reporting.DataExtensions.SSAS.SSASDataExtension"/>
   </DataExtension>
</ReportingExtensions>

{% endhighlight %}

Use `Syncfusion.Reporting.Extension` namespace for `DataExtension` class instead of `Syncfusion.DataExtension.DataExtension`. It has been changed for maintaining the naming standard for custom extension.

## ejRibbon

### Features
{:#ejribbon-features}

* On-demand rendering support provided for ribbon tabs and backstage.

### Bug fixes
{:#ejribbon-bug-fixes}

* \#167011 - `removeTabGroupContent` is working after adding new tab group content. 
* \#166714 - Show/hide option provided for groups and items in it.
## ejSchedule

### Features
{:#ejschedule-features}

* Month name(in short format) is displayed on the Schedule date header, when more than one month is rendered in the horizontal custom view.

### Breaking changes
{:#ejschedule-breaking-changes}

* \#166818 - Day column in the Agenda view is localized correctly now, while switching to different cultures.

## ejSpreadsheet

### Features
{:#ejspreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for Excel-Like Pivot Table.

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejspreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#163548 - Provided event for formula cells recalculation when updating its dependent cell value.
* \#165134 - Provided support for disable or enable resizing option in shape element(chart, picture).
## ejTreeView

### Features
{:#ejtreeview-features}

* \#157634 – Provided the option to highlight the full row of TreeView node in TreeView control.
