---
title: Essential Studio for ReactJS  2018 Volume 3 beta Release Notes (Beta)
description: Essential Studio for ReactJS  2018 Volume 3 beta Release Notes (Beta)
platform: ReactJS
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ReactJS Release Notes (Beta)

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_3_beta  version="v16.3.0.17" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>




## ejKanban

### Features
{:#ejkanban-features}

*	\#189927, \#177568, \#203750, \#207002, \#F129307, \#F134895 - Provided support to change the swimlane header's row text based on `swimlaneKey` value mapping in swimlane `headers` . Also, provided support for show/hide empty swimlane in the Kanban board.
## ejMap

### Features
{:#ejmap-features}

* Support has been provided to customize the data labels using properties.
## ejRangeNavigator

### Features
{:#ejrangenavigator-features}
 
* Support has been provided to hide the intersecting labels.
* Support has been provided to include or exclude the first day of the next month in the selected data.
## ejReportDesigner `Preview`

The report designer component for React JS platform allows users to create and edit RDL standard reports. This control helps transform data into meaningful information and visualize them.

### Features
{:#ejreportdesigner-features}

* **Data sources**: Supports a wide range of data sources to explore data using connections to major data providers such as Microsoft SQL server, Oracle, OLEDB, and ODBC.

* **Report items**: Provides clear data visualization using report items such as built-in parameters, including charts, grids, pivot grids, subreports, textboxes, images, lines, and rectangles.

* **Report parameter**: Connects related reports and filters data in queries.

* **Image manager**: Supports managing embedded images in the report.

* **Property panel**: Allows users to view and modify configurations of selected report item.

* **Expression**: Built-in expression editor to create expressions with RDL standard to specify or calculate values for parameters, queries, filters, report item properties, groups, sorts, images, and dynamic page header and footer content.


## ejTreeView

### Features
{:#ejtreeview-features}

* \#203297 - Provided an option to prevent parent node from expanding while adding a node in the tree view control.
