---
title: Essential Studio for ReactJS Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ReactJS Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: ReactJS
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ReactJS  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="March 27, 2019"  version="v17.1.0.38" %} 




## ejReportDesigner `Preview`

### Features
{:#ejreportdesigner-features}

* \#140559 and #222739 – Provided list report item support to create free-form layout in reports.
* \#209470 - Provided custom code support.
* \#222739 and #139940 – Provided the necessary APIs to programmatically handle the data source and dataset options.
* \#222138 - Provided reordering support for report parameters.
* Provided an option to order the layout of report items in the design area.

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejreportdesigner-bug-fixes}

* \#229302 - Fixed the undefined issue with the headers property when uploading an image using the image manager.
* \#227493 – Now, expressions can be set for the subreport item in the visibility property.
* \#142413 - Fixed the report parameter layout tag creation issue when creating parameters in the report.
* \#226659 - Fixed the header color and column span properties’ serialization issue in the grid report item.
* \#226659 and #223252 - Fixed the issues with the textbox report item’s expression option.
* \#223797 - Fixed the image upload issue when the file name contains Unicode values.
* \#222796 - Fixed the summary row property disabling issue in the grid report item.
* \#226659 - Fixed the issue with populating the text alignment property in the grid report item.
* \#222888 - Resolved the console errors thrown when applying font sizes continuously for the selected text in the text box report item.
* \#221279 - Resolved the issue with inheriting the alternate row cell properties from the cell styles in the grid report item.
* \#221279 - Fixed the column resizing issue in the grid report item.
* \#223348 - Fixed the parameter type conversion failure in dataset query.
## ejSpreadsheet

### Features
{:#ejspreadsheet-features}

* Provided import/export support for charts with Trendlines.
* Provided support to highlight the invalid data while updating the value in validation applied cells.
* Provided custom format support for negative numbers.
* Provided cellSave event support, whenever the cell value changed in the spreadsheet.
* Provided the performance improvements while scrolling with applied freeze pane.
* Provided support for add table references in name manager collection while importing.

