---
title: Essential Studio for ReactJS 2019 Volume 2 Main release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for ReactJS 2019 Volume 2 Main release Release Notes  
platform: ReactJS
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for ReactJS  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 11, 2019"  version="v17.2.0.34" %} 




## ejReportDesigner `Preview`

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejreportdesigner-bug-fixes}

* \#I234814 - The exception thrown when defining a query parameter as a part of the parameter key value string in WEB API data source has been fixed.
* \#I234736 – The issue with creating a dataset when stored procedure fails to save the dataset has been fixed.
* \#I234736 – The issue “the dataset with stored procedure opens with code mode instead of design mode on dataset edit action” has been fixed.
* \#I234103 - The issue that occurs with table report item column popup height with custom header scenario has been fixed.
* \#I233809 - The exception thrown when executing a query with parameters in WEB API data source has been resolved.
* \#I233809 - The credentials prompt on preview action in the report with ODBC data source has been fixed.
* \#I232918 and #I227918 - The report parameter serialization issue that occurs when it contains empty default value or available value tags has been fixed.
* \#I232918 – The error that occurs when saving a report to SSRS has been fixed.
* \#I232567 – The improper formatting of grid report item when applying minimum column width has been fixed.
* \#I232377 - The issue that occurs with Text box format when adding multiple expression or editing the expression has been fixed.
* \#I232416 – The textbox expression reset issue with list control in the Firefox browser has been fixed.
* \#I236921 - The console errors thrown when loading data in query designer preview grid have been resolved.
* \#I237043 - The credential dialog password field text unmask issue has been resolved.
* \#I227918 – The fixed member serialization issue that occurs when saving the report with chart report item in SSRS Report Server 2016 has been fixed.
* \#I229665 - The time-out exception that occurs when executing SQL query for a table with huge data has been resolved.
* \#I231569 – The invalid query exception that occurs when using the ORDERBY clause in the dataset query has been fixed.
